DOC-2302: add `convert_unsafe_embeds` breaking changes to 7.0 release notes. (#3111)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.0-release-notes.adoc

// CCFR here.

=== `convert_unsafe_embeds` editor option is now defaulted to `true`.

> In {productname} 6.8.1, link:https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/tinymce/6/6.8.1-release-notes/#new-convert_unsafe_embeds-option-that-controls-whether-object-and-embed-elements-will-be-converted-to-more-restrictive-alternatives-namely-img-for-image-mime-types-video-for-video-mime-types-audio-audio-mime-types-or-iframe-for-other-or-unspecified-mime-types[convert_unsafe_embeds] editor option was introduced to allow `+object+` and `+embed+` elements to be converted by default to the correct element, respective of the MIME type, automatically when inserted into the editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {productname} 6.8.1, xref:content-filtering.adoc#convert-unsafe-embeds[convert_unsafe_embeds] editor option was introduced to allow `+object+` and `+embed+` elements to be converted by default to the correct element, respective of the MIME type, automatically when inserted into the editor.
```

In {productname} 7.0, the default value for `+convert_unsafe_embeds+` will change from `false` to `true`, meaning that all `+object+` and `+embed+` tags will automatically be converted to different elements when inserted to the editor. If this behaviour is undesirable, set `+convert_unsafe_embeds+` to `+false+` in your editor configuration.

> For further details on the `+convert_unsafe_embeds+` option, see the xref:content-filtering.adoc#convert-unsafe-embeds[content filtering options], or refer to the xref:security.adoc#convert-unsafe-embeds[security guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further details on the `+convert_unsafe_embeds+` option, see the xref:content-filtering.adoc#convert-unsafe-embeds[content filtering options], or refer to the xref:security.adoc#convert-unsafe-embeds[security guide], or the link:https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/tinymce/6/6.8.1-release-notes/#new-convert_unsafe_embeds-option-that-controls-whether-object-and-embed-elements-will-be-converted-to-more-restrictive-alternatives-namely-img-for-image-mime-types-video-for-video-mime-types-audio-audio-mime-types-or-iframe-for-other-or-unspecified-mime-types[{productname} 6.8.1 release notes].
```

// CCFR here.

=== `convert_unsafe_embeds` editor option is now defaulted to `true`.

> In {productname} 6.8.1, https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/tinymce/latest/6.8.1-release-notes/#new-convert_unsafe_embeds-option-that-controls-whether-object-and-embed-elements-will-be-converted-to-more-restrictive-alternatives-namely-img-for-image-mime-types-video-for-video-mime-types-audio-audio-mime-types-or-iframe-for-other-or-unspecified-mime-types[convert_unsafe_embeds] editor option was introduced to support a security issue regarding object tags, which was a legacy method of inserting an external resource, such as a video, a PDF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {productname} 6.8.1, link:https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/tinymce/6/6.8.1-release-notes/#new-convert_unsafe_embeds-option-that-controls-whether-object-and-embed-elements-will-be-converted-to-more-restrictive-alternatives-namely-img-for-image-mime-types-video-for-video-mime-types-audio-audio-mime-types-or-iframe-for-other-or-unspecified-mime-types[convert_unsafe_embeds] editor option was introduced to allow `+object+` and `+embed+` elements to be converted by default to the correct element, respective of the MIME type, automatically when inserted into the editor.
```
It would be better if the `convert_unsafe_embeds` option was a partial page, where it can be included in the `security.adoc` page and the `content-filtering.adoc` page, like I suggested for `sandbox_iframes` [here](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3113/files#r1510723602). Then this can just be an `xref:content-filtering.adoc#convert_unsafe_embeds` link

> {productname} has determined that the object tag is regarded as unsafe and with this, {productname} 7.0 will change the default value from `false` to `true`, constituting a breaking change for users whose editor version is below 7.0.
> 
> This means that starting from version {productname} 7.0, all object tags will be automatically converted when loading the editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {productname} 7.0, the default value for `+convert_unsafe_embeds+` will change from `false` to `true`, meaning that all `+object+` and `+embed+` tags will automatically be converted to different elements when inserted to the editor. If this behaviour is undesirable, set `+convert_unsafe_embeds+` to `+false+` in your editor configuration.
```
We shouldn't be referencing any settings as unsafe. They are only unsafe when used with malicious content.

> [NOTE]
> To prevent automatic conversion of content, users are advised to include convert_unsafe_embeds: false in their {productname} initialization configuration.
> 
> For further details on this option, refer to the xref:security.adoc#convert-unsafe-embeds[convert_unsafe_embeds] option, or see xref:migration-from-6x.adoc#convert-unsafe-embeds-option[migration from 6x guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further details on the `+convert_unsafe_embeds+` option, see the xref:content-filtering.adoc#convert-unsafe-embeds[content filtering options], or refer to the xref:security.adoc#convert-unsafe-embeds[security guide].
```
We should reference the security guide and regular location for the option here.
